docs(js): Update Nest.js installation method content (#13765)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/nestjs/install/index.mdx

---
title: Installation Methods
sidebar_order: 1
description: "Review our alternate installation methods."
supported:
  - javascript.nestjs
---

<PageGrid />

## How To Decide Which Installation Method To Use

> Most node applications today are either written in CommonJS (CJS), or compiled to CJS before running them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most node applications today are either written in CommonJS (CJS), or compiled to CJS before runtime.
```
